README.md, before:

# ComplexForms

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 13.3.7.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

[UPDATE] set readme and update design
Signed-off-by: Roland Tubongye W <roland.beni1@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">ComplexForms</h1><br>
<p align="center">  
An example of code made in Angular on how to handle forms with multiple nested formArrays.</p>
<br>
This app was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 13.3.7.</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0"><img alt="License" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg"/></a>
  <a href="https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0"><img alt="License" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/angular-%23DD0031.svg?logo=angular&logoColor=white"/></a>
  <a href="https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0"><img alt="License" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Medium-12100E?logo=medium&logoColor=white"/></a>
</p>

## Tech stack & Open-source libraries
- [Angular](https://angular.io/) based

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

# License

```
Designed and developed by 2020 roben (Roland Tubongye W.)
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at
   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
```
